# System-Vetting-Protocol-

Abstract

A decentralized system of exchange to empower the NFT marketplace via the Ethereum ERC-721; (Polygon layer-2 and Bitcoin Lightning layer-1) integrations through adding accredited works that have been fully vetted through thorough investigative technologies to insure the original art pieces, videos works, audio works, 3D scannable models (articles of representation), or any form of physical property that can be converted to a 3D representation to a graphical/schematic layout of that unique item such that the exact plotting of the area and volume of said item can be retrieved via normalized vector differences to a digitized numerical sequence that will then be embedded on the blockchain via a preliminary layer (Layer-1) and secondary layer (Layer-2) known as a Zero Knowledge Succinct Non-interactive Argument of Knowledge (Zksnarks) rollup. Each item's schematic will be converted to a digitized layout representation according to the uploaded graphical data that has been hardcoded to layer-2 on-chain. Providing Layer-2 on-chain operations with the ability to scan the Embrr’s database against existing image uploads in real-time for any duplicated graphical representation of the original upload against the intended upload as the Embrr System Vetting Protocol (ESVP). Upon initial vetting and pass, the original piece will be read in its jpg digitized formate and embedded into the systems hash function. A numerical fingerprint impression of the same original piece will be kept on the Embrr database to check against dubious uploads. This will be the case for 3D schematic graphical layouts to jpg formate as a fingerprint ID of the state of origin to then be minted as the jpg digitized formatting (as the genesis compression dataset ‘sealing it completely’). This will enable transparency on the decentralized blockchain as well as act as an identification token of certificate to the NFT holder of the original jpg image (not to be confused with SVG contract binder protocol).  
1
 Table of Contents
1. Current Models of NFT Data Attribution: On-chain vs Off-chain; Technical Problem 1: Off-chain Uploading; Technical Problem 1.2: Off-chain Uploading Continued; Technical Problem 2: On-chain
2. Legal Implications of Duplicates and Copyright Infringement
3. Centralization vs Decentralization
4. Various Modalities to Image Formatting
5. Finding Matching Images in Very Large Corpora: Step 1: Image Conversion To Grey Scale (Black and White); Step 2: Transfer Vector Distribution Derivatives of Normalized Vector Sequencing
6. Benford’s Law and How it Applies to Spotting Duplicates and Altered Works from Original File Data in Digital Imagery, Video and Audio
7. Solution: Embrr System Vetting Protocol: Technical Solution 1: Jpg Drop; 1.1 Object Image Generation; 1.2 Upload and Verification; 1.3 Address Hashing; Use Case: Solama (Gen 1)
8. The Embrr System Vetting Protocol Is Made Atop Two Key Components:
Unique Vetting/Matching Protocol (UVMP); Benford’s Law Integrated Seal (BLIS)
9. Large Scale Enterprise: Large Scale Enterprise; Retail & Commercial Use; The Formulation and Establishment of the ESVP as a Product and Service Unique Intellectual Property Formulation and End Result Rendering
2

 1. Current Models of NFT Data Attribution: On-chain vs Off- chain
Technical Problem 1: Off-chain Uploading
Off-chain uses the internet as a means of storage for files and images in various formatting (such as jpg) of means of a process that is relatively safe but its not intended to be a robust security protocol to spot duplicated works or altered forms of original pieces (from screenshots, cropped images, and photo scanned duplicates). For example: when querying a token via its contract on the Ethereum Mainnet through a quick search on Etherscan under ‘tokenURI/tokenid (uint256)’ this will return a URL for the image's metadata. Once the script of the metadata has been retrieved via the URL’s search (via the browser of choice) one will then see the website's URL where the image holds the compressed images graphic representation. The risks with ‘Off-chain’ hosting protocols comes when the website of where the image graphics live goes down or is stopped being paid for, or for any other reason can not be retrieved.
Link example: https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmNf1UsmdGaMbpatQ6toXSkzDpizaGmC9zfunCyoz1enD5/penguin/7556.png
Technical Problem 1.2 : Off-chain Uploading Continued
A more secure way to host one's images off-chain is through a protocol called InterPlanetary File System (IPFS) a peer-to-peer network for storing and sharing data in a distributed file system. IPFS uses content-addressing to uniquely identify each file in a global namespace connecting all computing devices. When you add a file to IPFS, your file is split into smaller chunks, cryptographically hashed, and given a unique fingerprint called a content identifier (CID). This CID acts as a permanent record of your file as it exists at that point in time. When searching through the NFT’s host site (as in the above example) via the Etherscan system input the tokenid (uint256)/webisteURL(starts with IPFS) then you will be directed to the IPFS public gateway or local node portal. The problem with this comes as a single point of failure in that at the bridge of confluence where the data needs to be relayed to and through the IPFS gateway. At this point the system is valuable for data interception by bad actors.
Link example: ipfs://QmeSjSinHpPnmXmspMjwiXyN6zS4E9zccariGR3jxcaWtq/3749
3

 Technical Problem 2: On-chain
As with the processes above once you’ve reached the desired NFT’s contract via Etherscan; since this NFT is on-chain the following step will differ from the steps cited above. Since this NFT is on-chain it is assigned a special function called ‘getGraphics/tokenid (uint256)’ where the image information can be retrieved in the SVG syntax that then can be inputted into a code editor and saved to one's desktop, then can be retrieved at a later date. The problem here is that the SVG syntax is immutable as a synthetic representation across the board. Does not account for a compression output as in a tradition jpg layout (the importance of this will be described at a later point in the paper).
Reference: EIP:2569; Saving and Displaying Image On-chain for Universal Tokens: https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/ eip-2569
Explanatory Video (YouTube Channel:Ambition; Titled: How it Works: On chain vs. off chain NFT art ): https:// youtu.be/nOfFeRZg9oE
2. Legal Implications of Duplicates and Copyright Infringement
With regards to the legal implications and protections extended to OpenSea and its user base via the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DCMA). There remains the opportunity of image duplication by various methods including screenshots, external scanning, overlay software scanner bots, etc. A rendition, duplication or fraudulent copy can then be sold or traded anonymously on other secondary sites or physically exchanged via SDs, thumb-drives, and or printed without either of the original or soon-to-be purchaser's consent. What Embrr aims to solve in the areas outside the control of the DCMA is the ability to search via image match protocol in real-time to check against an existing account or if a similar image is being uploaded simultaneously the duplication is halted altogether. If a match is found the first step is violated prohibiting the uploader from proceeding with the NFT process. The ESVP aims to solve this single point of failure most platforms are missing.
Source: The NFTorney; Title: ‘OpenSea Just Saved Their Users Millions in Potential Copyright Damages’
Link: https://nfttorney.com/2021/07/15/opensea-just-saved-their-users-millions-in-potential-copyright-damages/
 4

  Image source (for explanation demonstration purpose only ): https://opensea.io/assets? search[query]=pudgy%20penguin
3. Centralization vs Decentralization
The level of full autonomy for both the uploader and purchaser is never inhibited or obstructed in any way according to the DMCA. Simply the means to formulate an abstract representation of someone else’s original piece without the original artist’s/creator’s permission/consent is not admissible under any regulatory statute of any nation via the International Copyright Act of 1891 (26 Stat. 1106, March 3, 1891).
This may be viewed as a form of centralization but the option to use the Embrr platform or not is still entirely up to the creator's volition thus enabling autonomy to list elsewhere with similar or no protocols in place risking the dilution of value over the span of their works. On an enterprise level this will be weighted considerably more when processing 3D schematically representation of various forms of intellectual property. This isn’t a means to dissuade other creators and artists from exploring avenues of creativity on the edge of violation of legality it’s simply the means to curb the fraudulent acts of bad actors who have no interest in participating in the NFT marketplace other than for modes of exploitation. The core decentralization Embrr offers is not in any way, shape, or form tainted by these protocols. On the contrary, the Embrr System Vetting Protocol is meant to enhance the overall value of minted NFTs compared to what is currently being offered in today's NFT marketplace. At first glance, it would appear to leverage an increase of the valuation generated by the jpg but in reality, it is only secured in the raw face value denominator since the image is entirely the original piece itself (non-compatible to screenshot versions due to the technological fingerprint
 5

 Embrr places within the blockchain itself) rendering the overall efficacy of the processes and valuation of the creator's means of exchange and also increases the patron's accommodations by reducing market manipulation and fraudulent actions. As the U.S. Treasury Department has the means to print fiat notes at will runaway modalities of exploitation will only aid in inflationary NFTs that will cause the process to lose momentum over time and possibility do away with the entire system altogether if certain improvements aren’t set in place. Embrr is here to offer just that remedy.
4. Various Modalities to Image Formatting
Current raster formats, such as JPEG, BMP, PNG, and TIFF, are all pixel-based image formats. To rescale the images to be displayed at different resolutions, interpolation of pixel values needs to be applied. However, these operations cause the degradation of image qualities, such as jagged or fuzzy edges. Furthermore, raster formats cannot represent the meaning of images that can be indexed by image search engines. Vector formats provide an alternative to compensate for the mentioned drawbacks. SWF, PDF, and SVG (scalable vector graphics) are popular vector formats nowadays. Among them, SVG is a revolutionary new graphic standard that has been developed by W3C. It is an XML-based language that describes 2D graphics with vector format. Standardization of SVG satisfies the growing demands on dynamic, scalable, cross-platform, and complicated interactive usage of the Internet*.
(*) Reference: Link: https://citeseerx.ist.psu.edu/viewdoc/download?doi=10.1.1.889.3783&rep=rep1&type=pdf
Recognizing Text Elements for SVG Comic Compression and its Novel Applications: DOI: 10.1109/ICDAR.2011.267 · Source: IEEE Xplore; Conference Paper · October 2011
6

 What is Similar?
Perceptual (P)
5. Finding Matching Images in Very Large Corpora
  Content-based (Cb)
  By utilizing and leveraging a Perceptual dataset retrieval system to scan the newly uploaded schematics while overlooking the Content-based dataset we increase the rate of nearly identical and slight ambiguity perceptual findings. Embrr has a reverse image search engine built into the platform display system. By leveraging image identification technology rather than keywords, metadata, or watermarks. This allows vetting of identical (to near-identical) user uploads to be matched against previously uploaded images to avoid image double uploading (or acts of copyright infringement due to slight alterations of the original file image expression taken via a method of external capture, screenshot, and the likes). Embrr System Vetting Protocol utilizes an algorithm for computing an image signature suitable for first-stage screening for duplicate images. The signature relies on the relative brightness of image regions and is generally applicable to photographs, text documents, and line art to gauge the sensitivity and robustness of signatures under transformations such as resizing, rescanning, and compression.
Finding Similar Images: Taking an image and computing it (creating a perceptual hash) so that the entire integrated system can understand it as an image (front-end to back-end integration optimization). By utilizing vectors and lists of numerical representations that allow the computer to interpolate the image's building blocks as data and generate a signature the computer can extrapolate across a perceptual field of understanding.
7

 Step 1: Image Conversion To Grey Scale (Black and White)
Minus the color data (-C) to greyscale formatting (gf) moving towards a data reduction output of the original image. Produce a high-resolution rendering of the fixed schematic layout, formed by segmented blocks punched out of (gf) to formulate the Sample (S) image. Convert each block into its nearest flat color shad while transitioning each block into a schematic layout representing the Average (A) (reference Scale Schematic 1.).
Step 2: Transfer Vector Distribution Derivatives of Normalized Vector Sequencing
Producing an image signature the system picks a system count of 9 smoothed blocks starting point is fifth block from the left to right to bottom in direction. This is referred to as the center block (reference Scale Schematic 2.).
Scale Schematic 1.
   (P) -C to gf
                                                                               (S) to (A)
8

 Scale Segment 2.
                      [1, 0, 2, 2, 2, 1, 2, 1, ]
                       [0, -1, 2, 2, 0, -1, 1, 2, ]
9

 6. Benford’s Law and How it Applies to Spotting Duplicates and Altered Works from Original File Data in Digital
Imagery, Video, and Audio.
Image source: https://testingbenfordslaw.com/
Hany Farid, Professor of Computer Science at UC Berkeley who’s often sought after by journalists, courts, and intelligence agencies specializes in image analysis, digital forensics, and the intersection of technology and society particularly as it pertains to online harms has publicly stated that something very dramatic has happened in the last few years; in our ability to trust what we see and hear online. The ability to manipulate digital content has accelerated which can be seen with the growing popularity of Deepfakes. The era of digital manipulation has never been more of a concern in the past than now. This is where Professor Farid’s work and research is breaking new ground on implementing techniques to spot malicious acts of content manipulation, one, in particular, is the use of Benford’s law.
The process is explained further: One will take an image (made up of number values) and jpg compress it. This process yields an underlying representation of Benford’s law. If you take the original image and modify the image through an application such as Photoshop and save the (now altered image). The total times the original image has been saved in this case is two
 10

 compressions. Via this double save action Benford’s law is violated. Thus the more times an original image is saved the more times the image’s original fingerprint veers from Benford’s law.
     Frequency of first significant digit of physical constants plotted against Benford's law
Image source: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benford%27s_law
With multiple compressions, the numbers become disproportionate to the ratio expected according to Benford’s law (number ratio). By implementing a multifaceted secondary layer protocol that detects the compression stance of any given image upload, the system then can quickly arrive at an inference of the quality of the image. As the system further vets against the database query to determine if any previous uploads on the system render a match. If a match is detected the system will quickly give the true or false boolean. This will either allow the image to proceed to be further on-boarded or to exit the operation with a message to the user of the error. Image signatures have already been used to address three different, but closely related, problems: similarity search, authentication, and duplicate detection. The three problems have slightly different characteristics that affect the design of the signature.
7. Solution: Embrr System Vetting Protocol
As with the alteration of a jpg (via multiple compressions) affects Benford’s law ratio exhibited in a non-multi compressed jpg. So too is the state of the version of transformation to the syntax format conversion of the SVG. Thus, once the SVG is listed into the contract it is an entirely different syntax than what would be exhibited in the original form of the original file holder. The underlying determinant in listing a completed first-time compressed (jpg genesis
The distribution of first digits, according to Benford's law. Each bar represents a digit, and the height of the bar is the percentage of numbers that start with that digit.
 11

 file) is whether the artist/creator has saved/compressed it more than once? This is analogous to when a detective collects items from a crime scene and puts the item into a bag and seals it. If the item has been opened (the seal has been broken) and the item is reserved (undergoing a second compression) the broken seal is discovered in the flattening-out or non-curvatureness (Exhibit 1.) of the graphical representation of 1’s - 9’s, thus violating Benford’s law. By utilizing these underlying principles offered through Benford’s law coupled with the Embrr System Vetting Protocol, any NFT’s purchased via the Embrr platform can be assured with a 100% guarantee of quality assurance that they are not only the genesis file themselves but the have the only ever copy of that specific compressions layout with a Benford’s law curve. For the value to be retained the original file that has been uploaded is the burn file that is agreed upon uploading that any previous file before the genesis file is rendered null in value due to the nature of multiple renderings or modifications from the artist's device itself in, in this event the file would have violated Benford’s law in the mere creation of the piece from the artist/creator opening and closing the file over again. This would cause multiple compression states in the creation process. To solve this issue the Embrr System Vetting Protocol takes a screenshot of the final edition of the creator's file to produce the jpg genesis file and the creator file will be said to have been burned (hints the name Embrr). Since the jpg genesis file holds a compression rate of [0] it is said to now become the only copy of the value in and outside the Embrr platform. As a consequence of this new future, the existing models of NFT as jpg conversions (artwork image) will be rendered obsolete causing the existing methods and their affiliate products such as existing NFTs in circulation, be stored/held, and or processed to hold a value of zero due to their mutability aside from its utility*.
(*) - This solely pertains to the physical item itself such as the artwork image as its jpg form. This method does not diminish the utility of the hash numerics of a token itself that can be easily proven by visiting the contract via Etherscan. This method is to codify the image as the unique actual article piece itself as a whole to the blockchain which bears its unique BLIS ID, the hash numerics of a token that comes as its proof of existence.
Exhibit 1.
15 11.25 7.5 3.75 0
Multipe Compressions
                123456789
12

 Technical Solution 1: Jpg Drop
To preserve the efficacy of the original art upload the mechanism in which is used in Embrr converts every image file upload to a native jpg compression: SVG to jpg. Doing so renders a first-time compression numerical value associated with the pixel layout of the specific image. This numeric value is then hardcoded into the blockchain as a hash known as the jpeg seal example 9879873948739874398983. The hash state can only be accessed by the wallet of the contract itself. The system takes a screenshot of the SVG to jpg upload and compares the compression state to Bedford’s law, if another image shows the same sequencing in the database then the new uploads are rejected. This is to safeguard against both multiple uploads and re-uploads of an original piece based on the matching image solution. This would also be true for documents, and 3D schematic layouts. Since the system cannot physically remove the original image from the device itself the new (the authentic piece will be associated with the original compression state of the jpg upload to the system.)
1.1 Object Image Generation: A raw 3D schematic layout (representation of the physical product) has been generated converted to the jpg compression (jpg sealed) interpolated to the SHA256 via both the ETH and BTC blockchain via ERC-721 and the Lightning network:
Exp. 1: Fraudulent Acts of Screenshot Captures vs Utility Examples of Industry Usage and Risk of IP Capture
    13

 Exp. 2: Fraudulent Acts of Screenshot Captures vs Risk of IP Capture
Reference examples 1. and 2. (screenshots are in demonstration only and not to be sold or duplicated): https://www.istockphoto.com/
1.2 Upload and Verification: The organ jpg seal has been compressed once (1x) the vector/numerical value has been recorded on-chain. At the same time the Embrr
systems stores the file image markup to compare incoming image file uploads via the Embrr System Vetting Protocol. Through indexing, billions of images and matches cross-examination and comparing analysis under one second enables the user to interact seamlessly without long and widen lag times.
1.3 Address Hashing: We will then send the address a separate contract token with the id in-coded with the original (unopened) image that retains the original pixel count
along with the on-chain system's timestamp (as redundancy). As a privately held entity leveraging decentralization processes, 50% of the proceeds of our listing fees will be allocated to our charity development treasury.
Use Case: Solama (Gen 1): An infamous launch occurred on the Solanart’s NFT platform that caused an uproar in the NFT community. Solama’s first-generation launch consisted of
their original image lineup of pixelated lamas bearing various traits. Once the mint sale was open to the public there were reports from the developers that they were having issues with contract deployment. This caused a few minters to not receive their NFT(s) upon mint and others to receive several in addition to their original NFT submission order. The team scramble to remedy issue one in which lead to the decision of replacing the entire lineup with an across- the-board jpg image (an image of a gravestone; to signify that the 1st generation had been replaced). This alteration with the system shows an inherent flaw to how systems today are proving their blockchain to layer-2 integrations ineffective to the actual authenticity protocols for the ongoing race for ‘value of image’. Embrr System Vetting Protocol offers the solution to this fundamental flaw.
   14

   8. The Embrr System Vetting Protocol Is Made Atop Two Key Components:
1. Unique Vetting/Matching Protocol (UVMP): Initial input, upload and vetting protocol matches in the database using normalized vectoring
2. Benford’s Law Integrated Seal (BLIS): Seals the original uploaded jpg along with its unique BLIS identification hash
Argument Case Against Leveraging The ERC-1155.
Single Unit Processes
9. Use Cases
Large Scale Enterprise
Insurance Agencies
R&D Firms
Law Firms
Government Agencies
Retail / Commercial
NFT Marketplace
       15

 The Formulation and Establishment of the ESVP as a Product and Service Unique Intellectual Property Formulation and End Result Rendering.
1.) The combination of any processes covered in the above from here on forward in the entirety of this formation of this whitepaper as the basis of the formulation of the Articles of Organization, patent underworking of the ESVP IP. The concept and all the overseeing provisional notes, implementation from and to the very processes that foster the production of their result functionality as a whole.
2.) In specification all rights are reserved for the implementation and advertising of the utility of the BLIS as it pertains to blockchain technology in all of its forms, iterations and formalities.
***** FINDING THE RIGHT QUESTIONS TO ASK *****
****** IS THIS A CALL FOR A NEW ERC PROTOCOL #### CONTRACT SEQUENCE ******
What makes images similar to each other?
• The proximity to how they are viewed perceptually to one another in detail, layout, color, and in-all likeness.
• What is the single most deterrent for bad actors tacking advantage of faulty systems or systems with too little regulating oversight?
• How could we advance and or improve on existing models and build atop to enhance the produce the next iteration of what is know as Web 3.0?
Solution: Embrr, LLC is a Ghost Registered Entity (GRE) under the mother company ICAO Standard English, LLC as the company's holdings via the on-chain contract listing via the
OpenSea.io NFT platform (with the address of): [ 0x1474487a12a4afa4d3b7fed6d24721ff85fe4d5f ]. Embrr, LLC has foregone the traditional preliminary registration mechanisms and in place is leveraging the proof of work that the EVM and its block hash as representation of the binding contract of the company’s IP and the company’s subsidiary branding, logo and trademark known as Embrr, Embrr LLC, Embrr System Vetting Protocol, ESVP, Unique Vetting Matching Protocol, UVMP, Benford’s Law Intergraded Seal, BLIS and the combined constituent mechanisms that allow the processes
 16

and cross-functionality to operate as a whole know as ESVP. This document shall be held as the founding articles of the aforementioned acts protected under the DCMA under the terms and conditions of OpenSea’s user base. This article as acts as the sole body account of patent protection and shall not be copied, duplicated, altered or edited in any shape, form or fashion. If these articles of formation should be compromised, copied, duplicated in any form or fashion without the direct permission or consent of the owner (sited in this document) then this would be a direct violation of the DCMA and lawful actions my be prosecuted towards the respective parties involved. As well as, the lasting resultant processes and services set forth hereinafter, have been reversed for the founding members and Embrr, LLC as a whole. If an IP dispute should arise on a legal basis the hash block or NFT holder could show their proof of ownership if the decision is to not register the IP under a traditional governmental agency*. By establishing an entity without filing with either a governmental body or authority as with a digital decentralized version of a traditional Articles of Organization would be replaced entirely by the enhanced/robust smart contract embedded on the blockchain for all to reference when disputing IP/establishment dates, etc.
Ongoing Benefits For Wide-scale Industry Adoption
Embrr LLC, and all of the formalities that make up its IP holds the potential to aid in alleviating the constraints and processing times of the traditional patent processes currently in place. This will enable future companies to write up their Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAO) whitepaper proposal and list it on the Embrr platform. Thus, enabling a marketplace upload of whitepaper NFTs that clearly state the contract guidelines in detail. Detailing exact adherences and modalities the organization functions under; the IP that is included under said whitepaper. How the formation of the company will be determined from the whitepaper to the concrete establishment; either as a brick-and-mortar entity or an ephemerally based entity on a cloud infrastructure, or a mixture of the two is entirely in the hands of the NFT purchaser. Embrr can act as a gateway for constituents who are seeking to publicly display their IP information as well as put it up for offers in an auction-style or buy now opportunity for a means of acquisition and ownership transfer on a decentralized ledger-based system. This enables a process to gather, establish, market, and promote concept-to-form thesis/whitepaper proposal to the masses in the form of selling the DAO as a pseudo company along with its IP. Embrr may offer a decentralized open-source means to display IP along with the date/time hash stamp the comes along operating on the EVM.
(*) Disclaimer: Embrr LLC, associates, and relational bodies do NOT: condone, advise, recommend or suggest in any way, form, or fashion to not register a company’s IP with your government agency. Nor does Embrr LLC, associates, and, or relational bodies condone NOT forming articles of Organization with your State or Federal governing bodies.
ESVP Poses The Following Possibilities: Free existing establishments in both the private and governmental sectors who oversee the responsibility in processing deeds, titles, patents, trademarks
17
